pushing through the pain after 3 months
in this healthc care facility in Qatar
11-year-old dorin Alaya can finally walk
[Music]
again I thought I'd have to stay for
more than a year in the wheelchair I was
asking my aunt if I'd be paralyzed
forever darene couldn't move her legs
after an air strike that killed 60
members of her family in
Gaza at night the strike hit us at 12:00
me and my brother Kenan we were on the
floor everything and everyone was under
the
rubble she's one of nearly 20,000
children that the UN estimates have lost
their parents in the war this facility
was built by the 22 World Cup now it's
been turned into a place where 500
patients receive treatment education and
psychological support there's more room
here but no other patient has been able
to leave the Gaza Strip in more than 2
weeks before the war 8,000 patients
cross the Rafa and banon Crossings every
month to receive treatment abroad that
number has dwindled to less than 5,000
evacuated in 7 months of conflict the
need is bigger than ever before
hospitals in Gaza lack critical supplies
staff and medicine or are simply
destroyed leaving thousands in need of
complex surgery posttop Care and
Rehabilitation with little to no support
Qatar is among 12 countries that offered
to receive the wounded and the sick from
Gaza Ibrahim nearly died when a strike
hit his home on October
17th between the moment I got injured
and now I've had around 61 surgeries the
last operation was yesterday and soon
God willing I will get prosthetic
limbs at least 10,500 patients are
currently on waiting list according to
gaza's health
Ministry but no one has been able to
leave on medical grounds since Israeli
troops took control of the Rafa Crossing
earlier this
month it could be weeks before anyone
can be safely evacuated
again and get the rare opportunity to
receive treatment outside of the war
zone IAM genford Al jaaz
make sure to subscribe to our channel to
get the latest news from Al jazer